HOME
Employee Training Institute Introduction (not an actual header)
<!--intro-->
San Diego Community Colleges District’s Employee Training Institute (ETI) provides fee-based education and contract education programs to the San Diego region and beyond, with the goal of empowering students and the business community to earn degrees and skills certificates within many local industries.

ABOUT US

After photo but before accordions 
	The Education Training Institute (ETI) at San Diego CCOntinuing Education is in a unique position to assist businesses, nonprofit organization, and public entities with customized education and training for employees and clientele
<!--accordion-->
What is The Contract Education?
Contract education services represent an entrepreneurial response to industry and employer needs to impact the success of regional businesses and other organizations the employ workers or train clients.
This customized training provides local businesses with employee education and training that meets specific and immediate needs. Educational opportunities range from short-term training seminars to ling-term training programs.

What is Fee-Based Education?

San Diego Continuing Education’s free public course offerings (link to schedule), we offer a series of fee-based course offerings through the Education Training Institute (ETI) at a competitive rate. Anyone is eligible to apply. Some courses are offered online. Others are offered in a traditional brick and mortar, classroom-based format. To view these programs please visit our **Students** page (will link to For Students)

Some select programs have been approved by the Eligible Training Provider List (ETPL) to provide customer-focused employment training for eligible adults and dislocated workers. These programs are supported through Individual training Accounts and Apprenticeship Training Accounts.

Why Partner with ETI?

	EIT provides assistance and customized training support to employers and organization that are increasing productivity. ETI works with organizations that workforce training and related skills (including English language instruction and soft skills training like Customer Service) to employers and organizations that facilitate the professional and personal growth of their clients. 

	We know the local marker and understand the trends and economies in the region which allows for customizable programs for each client. We deliver specific return-on-investment benchmarks that businesses seek and provide wrap-around services such as one-on-one coaching, pre and post-work, needs assessments, case management services, academic and career counseling, tutoring series, and post-program evaluations.

	Andragogy (how adults learn) is our primary area of expertise. We differentiate instruction to meet the needs of the individual learning meeting each learner at their level of comprehension and build upon their prior experience.

	We have a size and scope that sets us apart, offering thousands of courses, certificates, and degree options offered by the four colleges that comprise the San Diego Community College District, from aviation and nursing to coding and HVAC, with programs offered fully online, in-person or in blended model formats.




FOR STUDENTS

<!--This will mainly be the icons, each Icon will have basic program information, copied from https://careertraining.ed2go.com/eti/-->
Arts & Design
Online graphic design and web design programs make it easy for you to learn new skills or transition to a new career.

Business
Online management training and business skills programs can help you enter a new career field or advance your current skillset. Select programs even prepare you for industry-recognized certifications, such as Lean Six Sigma or PMP.

Career Online High School
Earn your accredited high school diploma – online – and advance your employment or matriculate into a 2- or 4-year university. See why companies like Walmart and McDonald’s offer Career Online High School to advance their employees’ education.

Computer Applications
Whether you want to earn Microsoft certifications, learn QuickBooks, or even Photoshop, these online training programs can help you achieve your goals.

Computer Science
Prepare for a career in software development or web development with online programming courses and programs. Programs include sought after programming languages, like Java, C#, and HTML5.
Construction & Trades
The convenience of online construction training allows you to learn new concepts and skills at your own pace and in the comfort of your own home.

Heath & Fitness
Whether you’re seeking a career in the health sector or want to earn a fitness certification, these online training programs can help you start or advance a rewarding career in helping people lead healthier lives.

Legal
Did you know you can earn your paralegal certificate online? You can also become a Certified Mediator and Arbitrator. Each of these online training programs enables you to prepare for various legal careers.

Teacher Professional Development
Whether you want to run an in-home daycare or want to learn more about child development, these online trainings are perfect for teachers or hopeful childcare professionals, alike.

Writing
Careers in writing are difficult to break into, even if you have a degree in writing studies. These online writing courses will teach you specialty careers and techniques to give you an edge within the industry.


FOR EMPLOYERS


EIT provides assistance and customized training support to employers and organization that are increasing productivity. ETI works with organizations that workforce training and related skills (including English language instruction and soft skills training like Customer Service) to employers and organizations that facilitate the professional and personal growth of their clients. 

With unparalleled access to curriculum and subject matter experts, flexible scheduling and delivery formats, as well as projects managed through one consistent source, ETI administers a wide scope of strategies for businesses of all sizes and industries.

We know the local market and understand the trends and economies in the region which allows for customizable programs for each client. We deliver specific return-on-investment benchmarks that businesses seek and provide wrap-around services such as one-on-one coaching, pre and post-work, needs assessments, case management services, academic and career counseling, tutoring series, and post-program evaluations.

Steps For Success

Continuous learning is vital to stay competitive in the global marketplace. We take a multidisciplinary approach to working with our clients. 
We seek to understand the organization and how things are done. We ask a lot of questions. We do this because we want to know and understand how we can help achieve your goals to build the framework for a training program. 
We design a solution that best fits your needs through collaboration with stakeholders to discover the optimal outcome for the organization. With this successful implementation we can begin training. Throughout this process we will be evaluating our work to assure your success.

Why Contract Education Matters.

ETI delivers training programs for both future and current workers to prepare them to be competitive in the application of emerging technologies. Many businesses and organizations need assistance in developing corporate cultures that unleash the creative genius of the workers, give them new tools to increase productivity and improve the quality of products and processes.

Contract education services represent an entrepreneurial response to industry and and  employer needs to impact businesses. ETI takes deliberate efforts to reduce program costs to offer our partner the most competitive rates for education and training needs.


